what is good youtube fam is a decay and
i'm back with another nike outlet store
steals and deals episode the fifth
episode already this episode features
the thirty percent extra off so be
prepared again for some pretty crazy
prices a show might have seen i try to
do this video every week since there's a
lot of steals and deals in the outlet so
i try to keep up with that every week on
tuesday the nike outlet store steals and
deals number five let's get right into
it I first off some lunar rates lunar
error rates for 30 bucks huh belief 35
bucks around that price pretty crazy I'm
not a fan of the model though and then
these I cut myself these were forty
bucks so pretty good price I'm very very
comfortable like i said in the pickup
video of these and these cup my brother
for his girlfriend some free flyknit
took us in a multicolored callaway for
60 bucks i believe so pretty nice price
and then i saw some LeBron James which
is pretty crazy seventy thirty percent
off so 55 bucks final price not sure how
this colorway is called with pretty dope
I have to say and then these I copies as
well for a friend of mine the lebron 11
low china peck for just 55 bucks which
is crazy in my opinion and then these
futures which have seen in my pickup
video I picked these up for myself they
were just 40 bucks so can't go wrong
really with 40 bucks for pair of futures
and then these don't have a picture of
the box itself but these are 60 bucks i
believe and then these some lil penny
posite again from the nike lab which
we're 60 bucks oh no no there were 45
bucks which is pretty creating that
these kt6 easter which is one of my
favorite k6 colorway and there were 50
five books as well so that's a nice
price a thing for these kt6 Easter's and
then another colorway of the lebron 11
lows I believe these are the dolphin
colorway i'm not sure if anyone knows
just comment down below with it that's
what I think it is and fifty five bucks
as well and then some pretty cool
looking Air Force Ones great shoe for
the summer I think and they were 40
bucks so pretty good price as well and
then these nike flyknit lunar 2 for 40
bucks because it's big size size 15 but
these are mad comfortable i believe so
that's very nice and then the biggest
sea of the mall probably these lebron 11
EXC denim for 55 bucks that's probably
crazy steal this video yeah and then on
to another caller ID in the brownie 11
low also dope Callaway my opinion I'm
not sure how these are called but also
55 bucks so pretty pretty dope and then
some kt5 be no mahou since these came
out but a pretty dope I do love the
silhouette of the Katie five and 55
bucks is a nice price still and then
these are the air jordan 28 SE i think
not sure which we're also 55 bucks
definitely not a bad price for these and
then some blazer myths from a collab I
believe not sure what collab was exactly
but these were just 35 bucks and the
metallic gold looks pretty dope and then
these jordan melo m10 and then New York
Knicks kind of colorway also for 55
bucks pretty cool if you're definitely
if you're Nick's founded this definitely
must cob and there's I'm doing high
premium I'm not sure how these are
called but I believe these were pretty
popular I'm not sure actually but just
40 bucks if I wish it was my size
definitely would have copped them and
then these last
s ones some CP trees and then
multicolored colorway looks pretty sick
to me and these were also 55 bucks and
that pretty much rounds up this 5th
episode of the nike outlet store steals
and deals i thank you all for watching I
hope you guys enjoyed watching this
video please click that thumbs up it
truly truly goes a long way but for now
MN that's about it peace
you